Services
 
 Our services are elaborated upon below
At Like Minds Consultancy Ltd, we use our professional team of consultants and facilitators, the strength of our character and experience in the market place to ensure that our client's experience is enhanced
 
1. Human Capital Enhancement
We provide Training and Manpower Development to staffs of Corporations and Financial Institutions in the UK or on-site to enhance their effectiveness and efficiency at workplace
 
We enable companies and individuals to improve performance, unlock human potential, increase effectiveness and generate measurable and sustainable results.
 
We enable companies grow by aligning their human capital strategy with their business strategy whilst advising companies on how to attract, develop, engage, and reward their people to attain operating success.
 
We act as a trusted advisor to management, utilizing our wealth of corporate experience within the company to achieve big-picture impact through cultural change.
 
We also analyze your business strategy, issues, and organizational dynamics and implement hands-on, practical, and results-oriented human capital strategies that drive your business success in line with your purpose.
 
Our Training & Manpower Solutions
 
The overall objective of our training solutions is to provide training and development solutions to clients in all of Africa in the form of standard, customised and public learning programmes / workshops.
 
We are an organisation specialising in workplace and business skills training. All of our learning programmes are outcomes based.
 
We aim to uplift and empower every individual trained. Our training programmes are offered both in-house (groups and individuals) and as public workshops.
 
The programmes / workshops offered are a cost effective way in which to develop essential soft and work related skills in Finance, Risk Management, Trade, Customer Care programmes, Human capital development, call centre training programmes, business management programmes and other shorter skills programmes.
 
We offer a business-to-business service of customising the programmes to meet our clients' specific training needs.
 
Our Team
 
Our training team consists mainly of African UK based professional facilitators with varied experience supported by qualified programme developers, to ensure that the standard and customised programmes meet our clients’ specific training and development needs.
 
Our Facilitators are drawn from the top ranks of business, finance, academia, and other areas so we would provide you with training from our wealth of experience.
 
Why Choose Our Training Solutions
 
We provide a complete package for training in the UK which include hotel accommodation and a comfortable training venue with latest facilities to ensure a unique experience for all trainers.
 
Our trainers are African UK based which makes it easy for trainees to understand.
 
We believe in honesty and integrity in all business dealings
 
We run a cost effective program tailored to suite the client needs.
 
We provide a leading-edge training solution based on ongoing research.
 
The client’s unique requirements are important and we will endeavour to make our solutions / programmes fit the client’s business requirements and environment.
 
We shall provide trainees with certificates upon completion of the course.
 
Venues
 
Our trainings are structured to fit your budget and purpose. We are able to arrange onshore and offshore training programme for participants as may be required by your organisation and our facilitators will travel to accommodate your needs.
 
Topics - we run courses in
 
Accounting; Asset Management; Corporate Finance; Risk Management; Debt Finance; Financial modelling, Islamic Finance; Loan Documentation, International Trade Finance; Mergers and Acquisition; Structured Trade & Commodity Finance  etc.
 
2. Corporate Restructuring & Reengineering
 
This highlights a modern business concept that involves the analysis and creation of new or radically modified workflows and processes to achieve breakthrough results in the organization's performance. It consists of identifying key processes within an organization and making them as lean and efficient as possible.
 
This organizational streamlining may mean a complete overhaul of existing systems to eliminate peripheral processes, and produce drastic improvements in the corporate metrics.
 
We concentrate on avoiding insolvency where possible, via restructuring and reorganizing businesses and guiding those involved through difficult financial circumstances.
 
Where formal insolvency cannot be avoided we are committed to effective realization of assets and protection of our clients' interests. 
 
We undertake advisory, contentious and transactional work handling every aspect of our clients' requirements, both pre and post insolvency and in non-insolvency situations. 
 
The team also advises companies and individuals on corporate/business risk assessment, crisis control, as well as advice on managing relationships with third parties, the duties of directors and staff rights
 
3. Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
 
This highlights a modern business concept that involves the analysis and creation of new or radically modified workflows and processes to achieve breakthrough results in the organization's performance. It consists of identifying key processes within an organization and making them as lean and efficient as possible
 
This organizational streamlining may mean a complete overhaul of existing systems to eliminate peripheral processes, and produce drastic improvements in the corporate metrics
 
We concentrate on avoiding insolvency where possible, via restructuring and reorganizing businesses and guiding those involved through difficult financial circumstances. Where formal insolvency cannot be avoided we are committed to effective realization of assets and protection of our clients' interests. We undertake advisory, contentious and transactional work handling every aspect of our clients' requirements, both pre and post insolvency and in non-insolvency situations
 
The team also advises companies and individuals on corporate/business risk assessment, crisis control, as well as advice on managing relationships with third parties, the duties of directors and staff rights
 
Our ERM process involves but not limited to the following:
 
Establishing Context; This includes an understanding of the current conditions in which the organization operates on an internal, external and risk management context.
 
Identifying Risks; This includes the documentation of the material threats to the organization's achievement of its objectives and the representation of areas to the organization may exploit for competitive advantage.
 
Analyzing/Quantifying Risks; This includes the calibration and, if possible, creation of probability distributions of outcomes for each material risk.
 
Integrating Risks; This includes the aggregation of all risk distributions, reflecting correlations and portfolio effects, and the formulation of the results in terms of impact on the organization's key performance metrics.
 
Assessing/Prioritizing Risks: This includes the determination of the contribution of each risk to the aggregate risk profile, and appropriate prioritization
 
Treating/Exploiting Risks: This includes the development of strategies for controlling and exploiting the various risks.
 
Monitoring and Reviewing Risks: This includes the continual measurement and monitoring of the risk environment and the performance of the risk management strategies.
 
4. Business consulting
 
We help management develop a vision for their business, create a strategic plan and monitor the performance of the business against the plan. In addition, we are available to make decisions quickly in response to external events, to support the company’s corporate finance activities and to help develop the senior members of the organization
 
Our services include:
·         Organizational diagnostics
·         Business process re-engineering
·         Strategic and Business planning
·         Human capital development